primo grills come in three basic styles
each with a variety of options for those
who love to entertain we offer the primo
oval XL a must-have for the avid outdoor
cooking enthusiast with a standard 400
square inches of cooking space
extendable to over 680 square inches the
primo oval XL offers more capacity than
any other ceramic cooker in the world
and when paired with one or more of our
oval exclusive accessories including the
upper racks firebox divider heat
deflector plates and lower drip pan
racks the oval is by far the most
versatile grill on the market today
insert the upper racks to virtually
double your cooking space or use them to
create a multi-tiered cooking
environment prepare more food in less
time or cook different items at the same
time place meat on the bottom grid
closer to the fire and veggies or other
foods you want to cook slower on the
upper racks use the cast-iron firebox
divider with your oval to easily cook
direct and indirect at the same time
sear a steak on one side of the grill
directly above the hot coal then move it
to the other side of the grill to finish
cooking using the indirect heat of the
coal transform your oval grill into an
oven or low temperature smoker in a
matter of seconds using the lower racks
together you can find out more about
this fantastic offer by clicking the
link in the description